hey guys girls in G here my fellow lon
darkens bring you our patch notes update
to version point 192 got a lot to talk
about I'm actually just in the Pleasant
Valley outbuildings here we're in the
barn I'm gonna be showing you some cool
stuff right here excellence go through
the first corner part i'm going to jump
around a little bit first thing i like
the score not a book a book for burning
we're burning books now that's how we've
gotten let's actually first check out
the workbench we got a lot of cool stuff
as I said earlier my initial and I do
apologize in advance for my first
impression bitch there's a marilia
software screw you screwed me for the
last time is the idea what caused the
audio to bug out lately that's the last
time that's ever going to happen so I do
apologize for that a great video but
unfortunately my idea was a little buggy
a bearskin Pendrell so there are black
bears I haven't seen one yet but we'll
find one out on my twitch 30 hour plus
marathon coming up after this video I'm
sure turn for that I get a twitch TV
backslash loremaster game and put a
bearskin bedroll well man beard wound
dressing it's very interesting very
interesting ah so this usual man fair
legend because you can act crowd their
plants you can find now supply wounds to
help prevent infection so I'd be
actually when you're no longer need it
when you ran under septic you got
covered now another other so cool thing
is now we've got torch yeah reclaimed
wood a to cloth on a kerosene a simple
torts so actually running ran out of
lanterns yeah we're good to go now mine
keep the wolves at bay might oh yeah the
wolf AI is kind of insane right now
stalker mode because you know I'd had my
430 3-day run but unfortunately trying
to get to the top entrance there the
pleasant a pleasant valley you know it's
right behind that abandon outlook
because gray rook you were right you
like that and my sister too
unfortunately that is the entrance and
if you're for and if your existing
player you're going to have to actually
go back there yourself it to find it
it's a little caution if you're on
stalker mode because the wolves are just
insane right now so i did was actually
is i went to pilgrim real quick ran up
there unlocked it that was spawned back
to stocker there
a little bit easier little bit easier
that's all that for the cracking table
right now let's get into all this it is
nearly 10 school kilometers of rural
mountain valley there's this new
material wildlife it is black bear
because it's telling the way you can
have that they have harsil plants ah
don't mad beard lychen there's rose hips
rush a mushrooms so you can craft
natural remedies tour strange thing so
that I'm actually excellent Mexican so
they might actually scare them off oh so
that could actually you might need that
you're gonna might need need out there
in soccer mode where I get me is more so
good but actually let's get into uh
inventory here not I'm liking it but I'm
not I don't know it just uh it just
takes skin some getting used to I guess
so yeah that's all visual ah but it's
have the sorting and all that that's
what I guess for the new equipment uio
overhaul there and i will like it
eventually it's gonna take me some
getting used to alright let's check out
the rest of the passion over here they
made general proven still wildlife aid
the AI to support better player decision
making about fight or flight response
and clarify one left Carson ten at ten
and prisoners are now attracted to the
smell of blood bleeding wounds raw meat
and will come investigate if within
range so don't be carrying around any
raw meat now that is a warning oh and
now center is now affected by wind speed
and direction oh that's kind of cool
nothing when North another thing we
noticed it as uh I'll throw out my
bedroll here it'll show you yeah
everything is the PAL just looking now
to get a warmth bonus a warm phone is
none so that's actually pretty cool
depending on the different beds and
whatnot so matching the bearskin bedroll
will give you a heck of a good a warm
phones when you're sleeping and better
ones now loose condition it must be
maintained there's now possible to find
multiple bed rolls in the world all that
is interesting all fires now visualize
their state
full burned cooling off kohls through
flame sparks and spa smoke smoke Allison
respects wind direction also that's
pretty cool various new sounds and many
presets have been replaced based on new
fully recording session oh sweet many UI
improvements as we shown they've updated
the Sun 100 pacifist achievements to
clarify they need to happen in the first
days of a game not after many dates had
already passed okay right german russian
translation been fully updated bugfix
let's good oh yeah they fixed the bucket
exploration achievement this wonderful
things going to complain early on it
Scott everyone's got a purple car let's
first car wave see you next lesson
inside those that's actually pretty cool
it works outside in the bar near just
get some leather sand around here a lot
of sweet stuff now this could be a no
fireplace but not a bad place to hang
out I think it's got least two three
doors let's go give you a quick peek out
here then actually it is lagging a
little bit more than a shit I think yeah
they think they've had some there's some
more big lisenby optimization issues I
know that they did that talk about that
in the patch notes this down a little
bit i'll be string my marathon tonight
on the new pc so this shouldn't really
be an issue alright but they didn't fix
the exploration achievements oh that is
fixed yay achievements are not set to
steam if a player is dead okay remember
there's a little bit exploit of it they
fix the key binding issues with old fire
check the description in between times
survived and time of day to fix the
scroll wheel screen issue on the right
sides continue screen aah buh buh
sixers fishing head sometimes not
blocking wind oh wow there's not a lot
of all the rest of this has just come
kind of general minor bugs you wouldn't
even usually see ya guys that is the
patch notes update for a virgin point
192 I'm gonna get this video up and then
I'm going to hop twit straight to twitch
for my 30-plus hour marathon so be sure
to check that out guys I'll be a wolf
exploring this whole whole crazy mess we
got going on here I hope you guys
enjoyed be sure like a scrub is always
and I will see you guys in the next
video